Nabil's doc review for 5.0 (#7032)
sunpy/sunpy: docs/how_to/create_custom_map.rst

    rsun_obs: 965.3829548285768

From this we can see now that the function returned a `sunpy.util.MetaDict` that populated the standard FITS keywords with information provided by the passed `astropy.coordinates.SkyCoord`, and the data array.

> Since the ``reference_pixel`` and ``scale`` keywords were not passed in the example above, the values of the "crpixi" and "cdelti" keys were set to the center of the data array and 1, respectively, by default.

Reviewer: This reads pants, I think this might be better:

```suggestion
Since the ``reference_pixel`` and ``scale`` keywords were not passed in the example above, the values of the "CRPIXn" and "CDELTn" keys were set to the center of the data array and 1, respectively, by default.
```
